# CS_465_Fullstack

In our project the frontend development involved using Express for server-side rendering, HTML for structuring web page layout, and JavaScript for client-side guidance. We also used a single page application architecture to create an aesthetic and intuitive layout using frameworks to enhance user experience by reducing page reloads and providing seamless interactions.The NoSQL MongoDB database helps promote flexibility and scalability. This approach is easier for adaptation to everchanging project needs. JSON is used to transmit data between a server and a web application and it serves as a common language between the frontend and backend. While javascript is a programming language itself and together they work with each other in the full stack development process. In a full stack application API testing helps test the functionality and reliability of endpoints that are used for communication between the frontend and backend. Methods like unit testing and integration testing are used to ensure the other functions of the application. Endpoints are essential in backend to handle requests and give responses. Depth of Defense layers are also needed to protect consumers and secure communication. This course has significantly contributed to my professional growth by giving me the opportunity to gain a diverse set of skills that go hand in hand to my career goals. Engaging in the course material, I have learned and developed various skills that make me stand out as a candidate in my future job endeavors. The knowledge gained has not only broadened my understanding of key concepts but has also provided practical insights that can be directly applied to real-world situations.
